From time to time, we suddenly realize that we are living a life not of our desire and we set up our mind to do something to change. However, normal people are forgetful about our great expectations, easily distracted by attempts and frequently lose our track on the way. We need a tool to help us layout the plan to get things done. We need a tool to show us where we are in terms of our goals. We need a tool to help us find patterns in the past days to know what we are good at and how we perform. 
Some time/task management tools are available to help. But not quite comprehensive. In terms of planning, most of them aren't built for complex tasks, which are more or less reminders. In terms of measuring user's progress, little has considered the past as a useful resource. Even the ones do use past data, they don't show the data to user in a way that it could help user to understand the impact of user's efforts, or help user understand themselves to improve their performance. 

Features:
Safe: Single Sign On, authorized through Twitter. Safe, and convinient. 
Organized: every task is known as a "sprint". All sprints are organized in a tree (directed acyclic) strucutre. 
Visual: everything is visualized. 

Easy to see and use:  
* -- you can put whatever you want to accomplish into a tree structure so that you will know what you will need to achieve your goal and know reason for anything you do. 

* -- you can visualize all your tasks so that you understand your goal and your current status easily (implemented in D3). today's tasks will be colored differently from others. you can collapse your tasks to simplify your view. 

* -- list / filter / sort / search all your task. Today's task will be in your home page by default setting (implemented through AJAX)

* -- Try It Out with Anonymous account!!!

lifesearch.heroku.com/

More features will be added...
